1. What is one thing that you learned?
    a. I learned how to connect to a SQL server using java (JDBC)
2. What is one thing that surprised you?
    b. Just how much code I had to write for the search functionality.
       I probably didn't do it as cleanly as it could've but it took me a while
3. What is one question you still have after doing this assignment?
    c. I still don't quite get the salting and hashing. Are we performing a
       bitwise operation on the plaintext with the random byte or is it something
       else?

4. Recall the debugging technique you described in the HW3 writeup. Did you use
   it or something similar when debugging M1?
    d. No.
5. In 1-2 sentences, describe a bug in one of your M1 queries. Then, describe
   how you noticed the bug and, in 3-4 sentences, how you fixed it. If you
   answered "yes" above, please descibe a different bug.
    e. One bug that I encountered was something really stupid in hindsight.
       I was returning itineraries that had an actual time of 0 which would
       appear at the beginning of the list, of course. I fixed it by querying
       over the test cases on the database online, on the azure website.
       What I found was that I had left out the 'canceled = 0' clause in my
       query which resulted in flights that were canceled being included in my
       itinerary search list. By querying over the database itself, it helped
       me look at columns I needed to filter which made the debugging process
       simple.
6. This project demonstrated how application logic can perform transformations
   on query results (eg, merging direct and indirect itineraries) or on user
   input (eg, salting and hashing passwords). What other logic would you like
   to see and/or implement in FlightApp's Java; ie, logic that cannot be done in
   SQL or by the user?
    f. I was thinking of users potentially adding preferred carriers to their
       profile so when you query for flights it can show flights from those
       carriers.
7. How many hours did you spend on M0+M1, and how many students (if any!) you
   collaborated with?
    g. I spent probably around 12-14 hours on both combined. I didn't work with
       anyone; individually.